Theresa May will use her first visit to the United Nations this week to lead calls for a tightening in airport security around the world, which could lead to wider restrictions on the liquids that can be taken on aircraft. Mrs May, who arrives in New York tomorrow and will address the General Assembly on Tuesday, will push for a Security Council resolution amid concerns that terrorists linked to Islamic State are exploiting lax procedures in some countries. The Prime Minister will also use her trip to meet powerful US businessmen in an attempt to persuade them to invest in post-Brexit Britain – just weeks after President Barack Obama repeated his warning that the UK would be 'at the back of the queue' for a new trade deal. Mrs May's drive for action on aviation security follows the downing of a Russian Metrojet flight from Sharm-el-Sheik in Egypt in October 2015 and the attacks at airports in Brussels and Istanbul earlier this year. The resolution proposed by Mrs May will demand that all countries ensure they have effective anti-terrorist measures in place through extra screening and security checks. The international rules introduced in 2006, which ban liquids in containers larger than 100ml from being taken onto planes, are frequently ignored outside Europe and America. Although the new resolution is not specifically focused on the liquid ban, it is likely to form part of a move to improve security across the board. Speaking before her visit, the Prime Minister said: 'In the face of an increasing terrorist threat, it is vital that we work with other countries to keep our people safe. 'I am determined that the UK should take a leading role in driving progress towards greater aviation security.' Mrs May, who will be joined by Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson and International Development Secretary Priti Patel for the charm offensive, has been granted a more prominent speaking slot than is usual for a British Prime Minister. Downing Street says this is because of the 'renewed interest' in Britain in the wake of the Brexit vote and curiosity about our new Prime Minister. She will also include a meeting with Mr Obama and will meet more than 60 US business leaders at a reception on Monday as part of her 'sales pitch' to persuade investors that the UK is 'a strong dynamic location for investment and to do trade' in the wake of the Brexit vote. Last night, Labour MP Pat McFadden MP, from Open Britain, a new cross-party anti-Brexit pressure group, said: 'America and other countries have a lot of questions about Britain's future following the referendum.' He added: 'They will want to know about our trading future and our future membership of the single market – the biggest free trade area on earth – which has been a big attraction for US companies investing in our country and creating thousands of jobs. 'The sooner she clarifies that issue and lifts the uncertainty about our trading future, the better.'